When a male penguin falls in love with female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect pebble to present to her.
New Zealand will deny people residency visa’s if they too high of a BMI and there are cases where people have been rejected because of their weight.
Whenever a pregnant women suffers from organ damage like heart attack, the fetus sends stem cells to the organ helping it to repair.
It is illegal to climb trees in Oshawa, a town in Ontario, Canada.
Brown eyes are blue underneath, and you can actually get a surgery to turn brown eyes blue.
When you blush, the lining of your stomach also turns red.
A bolt of lightning is six times hotter than the sun.
When a person cries and the first drop of tears come from the right eye, its happiness. if it from left eye, it’s pain.
Only 2% of Earth population naturally has green eyes.
Having bridesmaids in a wedding wasn’t originally for moral support. They were intended to confuse evil spirits or those who wished to harm the bride.
Mount Everest is pronounced as Eve-rest, not Ever-est , as it is named after George Everest.
All pandas in the world are on loan from China.
When howling together, no two wolves will howl on the same note, instead, they harmonize to create the illusion that there are more of them than there actually are.
Your nose can remember 50,000 different scents.
India’s “Go Air” airline only hires female flight attendants because they are lighter, so they save up to US$500,000 per year in fuel.
At room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
The most common color for highlighters is yellow because it doesn’t leave a shadow on the page when photocopied.
The Bermuda Triangle has as many ship and plane disappearances as any other region of the ocean.
Dolphins recognize and admire themselves in mirrors.
The eye makes movements 50 times every second.
An ant’s sense of smell is stronger than a dog’s.
A day on Venus lasts longer than a year, it is 243 Earth days.
A snail breathes through its foot.
Polar bear fur is transparent, not white.
Cat kidneys are so efficient they can rehydrate by drinking seawater.
During a car crash, 40 % of drivers never even hit the brakes.
When the moon is directly overhead, you weigh slightly less.
Strawberries contain more vitamin C than oranges.
Banana milkshake is the perfect cure for hangover.
90% of U.S. media(TV, news, radio) is owned by 6 companies.
Goldfish don’t have stomachs.
Melting ice and icebergs make frizzing noise called “bergy selter”.
Some tumors can grow hair, bones and teeth.
Taking a quick nap after learning can help strengthen your memory.
Having friends from other cultures makes you more creative, study found.
Shark pregnancies last up to 4 years.
A full moon is nine times brighter than a half moon.
Smiling actually boosts your immune system.
Dogs and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing.
The main exporter of Brazil nuts is not Brazil. It’s Bolivia.
At rest, your brain one fifth of a calorie per minute.
A single tree can absorb more than 10 pounds of CO2 each year.
Amazon River once flowed in the opposite direction, from east to west.